Bachelor Party wedding game

Synopsis:
The Bride wants the perfect wedding and she has a few simple rules. No one gets hammered or sleeps with anyone. 
Little did she know a bunch of nefarious actors were invited to her wedding and are after the Groom. 
If she so much as hears the Groom had a fun night before the wedding the wedding is off.
You the players must either crash the wedding or protect the integrity of the wedding. 

How to play:
Gamemaster, Bridezilla, Groom, and at least one Stripper role are required to be in the group of cards the players choose from.
The rest can be randomly taken. 
Gamemaster sets up the board.
Players write down their names and roles on the event log listing card. 
The game is divided into day and night cycles. 
During the day cycle players are free to say whatever, Gamemaster can moderate. 
During the day the good players goal should be to try to kick evil role players from the wedding.
Evil role players goals should be trying to get the good role players kicked.
The gamemaster then changes the cycle.
During the night cycle every player writes what role ability they used and on who or stuff on their RSVP letter in the event card then throws them face down in a center pile.
Gamemaster gets all the event cards, figures out who did what and what effect canceled out what, then writes down the response action and gives each event card back to the player.
At any time in game a player can write notes in the Notes listing they get; this can be anywhere from helpful information for the good or evil side or a crude drawing of a dickbutt.
Play continues until Groom is eliminated or all evil roles are kicked out of the wedding.

How to win:
For the evil side the Groom needs to be killed by the Bridezilla by sleeping with an evil role, getting hit by the crazy uncle ability, or getting kicked during the day.
For the good side to win the Groom needs to survive to the end of the game and all the evil roles must be kicked out of the wedding.
For Wedding Crasher to win he needs to get kicked out of the wedding during the day. Can win alongside good or evil side.

Roles
Neutral roles:
Gamemaster: Handles all the calculations of what every role did the night before and who is kicked out of the wedding the next day. Moderates the day events as well.
Wedding Crasher: Wins if he gets kicked out of the wedding during the day.
Wedding Attendant: Wins with the groom and bridezilla. Writes part of their RSVP letter every night.

Good roles:
Bride: Can reveal herself and gain double vote in day voting. Can lock a door roleblocking the person inside but also protecting them. Wins with the groom. Immune to the stripper.
Groom: Can reveal himself and gain double vote in day voting. Ability: lock door up to 3 nights to block anyone from visiting.

Evil Roles:
Stripper: Ability: Can visit a person a night to remove them from the wedding. Wins if she gets the groom. Stripper immune to crazy uncle.
Crazy Uncle: Ability: Can visit a person a night and give them a spiked drink. Becomes a crazy uncle after 2 drinks. Wins with stripper. Everyone who gets a first drink gets a drink token.

Optional Roles:
Pastor: Can bring back one person who was eliminated, immune to crazy uncle. Good Role.
Exgirlfriend: Goal is to get rid of the Bride either during night or day. Wins with the good side. Can only win with the removal of the bride. Can win with exboyfriend if replaced. Knows who the bride is from the gamemaster.
Exboyfriend: Goal is to get rid of the Groom either during night or day. Wins with the good side. Can only win with the removal of the groom. Can win with exgirlfriend if replaced. Knows who the groom is from the gamemaster.



Things included in the game:
Rulebook
Gamemaster Directions Board
Gamemaster role card x1
Bride role card x1
Groom role card x1
Wedding attendant role card x6
Wedding crasher role card x2
Stripper role card x2
Crazy Uncle role card x2
Pastor role card x1
Exgirlfriend role card x1
Exboyfriend role card x1
Event logs/Will listing x8
Drink Token x8